This time killing Quang Lang Wang Er ca bowed very beautifully.
I will definitely ban the store owner from inviting you.
Then thank you three.
Wait for tomorrow to force the Dragon Palace to abdicate.
Then the owner of the shop will become the new owner of Daxia.
Twelve cases, you become the Dragon Master.
This is the soul.
If it is arbitrary for the store owner to become a Long owner
The people are afraid it will not be.
It will cause riots.
And you, white reinforcements.
Heavy Grinding
If you become a new owner
Pantheon is behind this.
It's more in line with our interests.
So that's it.
So if we become the Dragon Master,
Aren't you the Queen?
Do I thank the Dragon Master for his love?
Ha ha ha
Li Buyan is waiting for you to force the Dragon master to abdicate
We're going to kill you in the name of psychopathic death.
Magi, all summer no one will be able to stop my Pantheon.
Who are you?
But where is this?
Want to rebel?